I 'll show you how to do it now.
teen haircut using a typewriter
wash and dry hair before cutting
and select a nozzle depending on
the right length for this haircut we
use 12 millimeters start
a haircut from the bottom of the head to move
typewriter social hairline and
move up the crown move
typewriter on a straight line up
rounding
work through every zone against growth
hair haircut turned out to
neat
Choose a nozzle smaller than 6
millimeters and helping comb play
extra hair
Well
then go to the area around the ears
discs and shear also against growth
hair smooth upward movement
similarly shear another
the side
start making out the edge line
remove the nozzle and start doing
edging work angle clicking
make scythe forests and clean the whole
line
cross lanes on top
select the control strand
earlier trimmed length
use a comb and a typewriter
hold horizontally and typewriter
start shooting length
thus cut the entire area
combing and doing oblique bangs
finish haircut soften hard corners
after finishing the top haircut
should get a square
This haircut can be worn as
everyday using wax or light
styling can give any guts
desired shape